# atlas.model.collation.Collation

One or more settings that specify language-specific rules to compare strings within this index.

## Model Type Info
Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
dict, frozendict.frozendict,  | frozendict.frozendict,  | One or more settings that specify language-specific rules to compare strings within this index. | 

### Dictionary Keys
Key | Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**locale** | str,  | str,  | International Components for Unicode (ICU) code that represents a localized language. To specify simple binary comparison, set &#x60;\&quot;locale\&quot; : \&quot;simple\&quot;&#x60;. | must be one of ["af", "sq", "am", "ar", "hy", "as", "az", "bn", "be", "bs", "bs_Cyrl", "bg", "my", "ca", "chr", "zh", "zh_Hant", "hr", "cs", "da", "nl", "dz", "en", "en_US", "en_US_POSIX", "eo", "et", "ee", "fo", "fil", "fi_FI", "fr", "fr_CA", "gl", "ka", "de", "de_AT", "el", "gu", "ha", "haw", "he", "hi", "hu", "is", "ig", "smn", "id", "ga", "it", "ja", "kl", "kn", "kk", "km", "kok", "ko", "ky", "lk", "lo", "lv", "li", "lt", "dsb", "lb", "mk", "ms", "ml", "mt", "mr", "mn", "ne", "se", "nb", "nn", "or", "om", "ps", "fa", "fa_AF", "pl", "pt", "pa", "ro", "ru", "sr", "sr_Latn", "si", "sk", "sl", "es", "sw", "sv", "ta", "te", "th", "bo", "to", "tr", "uk", "hsb", "ur", "ug", "vi", "wae", "cy", "yi", "yo", "zu", ] 
**alternate** | str,  | str,  | Method to handle whitespace and punctuation as base characters for purposes of comparison.  | Value | Evaluate Whitespace and Punctuation as Base Characters | |---|---| | &#x60;\&quot;non-ignorable\&quot;&#x60; | Yes | | &#x60;\&quot;shifted\&quot;&#x60; | No. MongoDB Cloud distinguishes these characters when &#x60;\&quot;strength\&quot; &gt; 3&#x60;. |  | [optional] must be one of ["non-ignorable", "shifted", ] if omitted the server will use the default value of "non-ignorable"
**backwards** | bool,  | BoolClass,  | Flag that indicates whether strings with diacritics sort from back of the string. Some French dictionary orders strings in this way.  | Value | String Comparison Method |  |---|---| | &#x60;true&#x60; | Compare from back to front. | | &#x60;false&#x60; | Compare from front to back. |  | [optional] if omitted the server will use the default value of False
**caseFirst** | str,  | str,  | Method to handle sort order of case differences during tertiary level comparisons.  | Value | Sort Order Method |  |---|---|  | &#x60;\&quot;upper\&quot;&#x60; | Uppercase sorts before lowercase. |  | &#x60;\&quot;lower\&quot;&#x60; | Lowercase sorts before uppercase. |  | &#x60;\&quot;off\&quot;&#x60; | Similar to \&quot;lower\&quot; with slight differences. |  | [optional] must be one of ["lower", "false", "upper", ] if omitted the server will use the default value of "false"
**caseLevel** | bool,  | BoolClass,  | Flag that indicates whether to include case comparison when &#x60;\&quot;strength\&quot; : 1&#x60; or &#x60;\&quot;strength\&quot; : 2&#x60;.  | Value | Compare case at level 1 or 2? | Strength Level | Comparisons Include |  |---|---|---|---|  | true | Yes | 1 | Base characters and case. |  |  |  | 2 | Base characters, diacritics (and possible other secondary differences),   and case. |  | false | No |  |  |  | [optional] if omitted the server will use the default value of False
**maxVariable** | str,  | str,  | Field that indicates which characters can be ignored when &#x60;\&quot;alternate\&quot; : \&quot;shifted\&quot;&#x60;. This has no affect if &#x60;\&quot;alternate\&quot; : \&quot;non-ignorable\&quot;&#x60;.  | Value | Ignore |  |---|---| | &#x60;\&quot;punct\&quot;&#x60; | Both whitespace and punctuation | | &#x60;\&quot;space\&quot;&#x60; | Whitespace |  | [optional] must be one of ["punct", "space", ] 
**normalization** | bool,  | BoolClass,  | Flag that indicates whether to check if the text requires normalization and then perform it. Most text doesn&#x27;t require this normalization processing.  | Value | Normalization Method |  |---|---| | &#x60;true&#x60; | Yes, check if fully normalized and perform normalization to compare text. | | &#x60;false&#x60; | No, don&#x27;t check. |  | [optional] if omitted the server will use the default value of False
**numericOrdering** | bool,  | BoolClass,  | Flag that indicates whether to compare sequences of digits as numbers or as strings.  | Value | Comparison Method |  |---|---| | &#x60;true&#x60; | Compare as numbers. This results in &#x60;10 &gt; 2&#x60;. | | &#x60;false&#x60; | Compare as strings. This results in &#x60;\&quot;10\&quot; &lt; \&quot;2\&quot;&#x60;. |  | [optional] if omitted the server will use the default value of False
**strength** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | Degree of comparison to perform when sorting words. MongoDB Cloud accepts the following values:  | Value | Comparison Level | Comparison Method | |---|---|---| | 1 | Primary | Compares the base characters only, ignoring other differences such as diacritics and case. | | 2 | Secondary | Compares base characters (primary) and diacritics (secondary). Primary differences take precedence over secondary differences. | | 3 | Tertiary | Compares base characters (primary), diacritics (secondary), and case and variants (tertiary). Differences between base characters takes precedence over secondary differences which take precedence over tertiary differences. | | 4 | Quaternary | Compares for the specific use case to consider punctuation when levels 1 through 3 ignore punctuation or for processing Japanese text. | | 5 | Identical | Compares for the specific use case of tie breaker. |  | [optional] if omitted the server will use the default value of 3value must be a 32 bit integer
**any_string_name** | dict, frozendict.frozendict, str, date, datetime, int, float, bool, decimal.Decimal, None, list, tuple, bytes, io.FileIO, io.BufferedReader | frozendict.frozendict, str, BoolClass, decimal.Decimal, NoneClass, tuple, bytes, FileIO | any string name can be used but the value must be the correct type | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

